README.md, before:

## ■ Shayan Rais

_🤖 i use claude code in light mode_

#### ■ Associate Software Architect @ [disrupt.com](disrupt.com)
#### ■ Masters - Computer Science [FAST University]
#### ■ Bachelor of Engineering - Computer Information Systems CIS [NED University]

> AI-First Spec-Driven Development | MCP | LangSmith | RAG | Python (FastAPI) | Event-Driven | GCP (Cloud Run, Cloud Functions, Pub/Sub) | Mobile (React Native, Kotlin)

<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/4754141/shanraisshan"><img src="https://stackoverflow.com/users/flair/4754141.png?theme=clean" width="208" height="58" alt="shanraisshan (Stack Overflow)" title="shanraisshan (Stack Overflow)"></a>

<p>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/linkedin.png"/></a> 
<a href="https://github.com/shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/github.png"/></a>
<a href="https://www.reddit.com/user/shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/reddit.png"/></a>
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/4754141/shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/stack-overflow.png"/></a> 
<a href="https://medium.com/@shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/medium.png"/></a>
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/youtube.png"/></a> 
<a href="https://twitter.com/shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/twitter.png"/></a>
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/shanraisshan">
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Hackerrank-2EC866?style=for-the-badge&logo=HackerRank&logoColor=white" alt="hackerrank" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.udemy.com/user/shayan-rais-2/">
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Udacity-grey?style=for-the-badge&logo=udacity&logoColor=15B8E6" alt="udacity" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.coursera.org/user/c5a8530ecbe523a8d18bc6b926a83fca">
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Coursera-%230056D2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Coursera&logoColor=white" alt="coursera" />
</a>
</p>

### ■ Recent Activity

### ■ REDDIT

- [Error in compacting for long running (2-3hrs) commands in 'bypass permissions on' mode](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1q178i7/error_in_compacting_for_long_running_23hrs/) • /ClaudeAI
- [Default permission mode: Delegate Mode? what is this?](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1ptsply/default_permission_mode_delegate_mode_what_is_this/) • /ClaudeAI • 👁️73K 🗣️45
- [export ENABLE_EXPERIMENTAL_MCP_CLI=1 saves 20% context of mcp](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1pqvpsy/export_enable_experimental_mcp_cli1_saves_20/) • /ClaudeAI
- [Tutorial: How to use Claude in Chrome in Claude Code](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1pqkby5/tutorial_how_to_use_claude_in_chrome_in_claude/) • /ClaudeAI
- [Claude in Chrome vs ChromeDevTools (MCP) - a simple comparison](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1pqg6rt/claude_in_chrome_vs_chromedevtools_mcp_a_simple/) • /ClaudeAI • 👁️35K 🗣️11
- [Claude Code's Plan Mode stores your plan in System Prompt, not Context Window](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1ppm4vt/comment/nunq4my/) • /ClaudeAI • 👁️35K 🗣️11
- [Spec Driven Development (SDD) vs Research Plan Implement (RPI) using claude](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1pkvque/comment/ntxxin1/) • /ClaudeAI • 👁️67k 🗣️35
- [You can now switch models mid-prompt!](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1pjsk1w/comment/ntlecys/) • /ClaudeAI
- [Claude Rules (./claude/rules/) are here](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1piuih6/comment/nti3x56/) • /ClaudeAI • 👁️146K 🗣️180
- [Background agents… wasn’t it already doing that?](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeCode/comments/1pi1gg1/comment/nt8ln70/) • /ClaudeCode • 👁️44K 🗣️28

### ■ Medium

- [Play sound on every Claude Code action! 🗣️🔊](https://medium.com/@shanraisshan/claude-code-just-got-a-voice-%EF%B8%8F-51008157305b)
- [Android stores to target in 2024](https://medium.com/@shanraisshan/android-stores-to-target-in-2024-b2045629fb29)
- [Differentiating Google v Huawei Code using productFlavors](https://medium.com/@shanraisshan/differentiating-google-v-huawei-code-using-productflavors-3014de6b468a)
- [Refactoring Android App — Package by feature](https://medium.com/@shanraisshan/refactoring-android-app-package-by-feature-af0308ddec35)


### ■ Github
- [Notes](https://github.com/shanraisshan/notes)
- [claude-code-voice-hooks](https://github.com/shanraisshan/claude-code-voice-hooks/) ★17
- [claude-code-best-practice](https://github.com/shanraisshan/claude-code-best-practice) ★83
- [claude-code-multi-agent-orchestrartion](https://github.com/shanraisshan/claude-code-multi-agent-orchestrartion) ★1
- [mcp-weather](https://github.com/shanraisshan/mcp-weather/)


### ■ Github Issues
- [Context usage is showing wrong numbers](https://github.com/robinebers/claude-code-statusline/issues/2)
- [Add hook for user input/question events (UserInputRequired)](https://github.com/anthropics/claude-code/issues/10168)
- [Tip 0: status line showing wrong context usage](https://github.com/ykdojo/claude-code-tips/issues/3)

Commit message:

Add Reddit link about Claude Code ranking

README.md, after:

## ■ Shayan Rais

_🤖 i use claude code in light mode_

#### ■ Associate Software Architect @ [disrupt.com](disrupt.com)
#### ■ Masters - Computer Science [FAST University]
#### ■ Bachelor of Engineering - Computer Information Systems CIS [NED University]

> AI-First Spec-Driven Development | MCP | LangSmith | RAG | Python (FastAPI) | Event-Driven | GCP (Cloud Run, Cloud Functions, Pub/Sub) | Mobile (React Native, Kotlin)

<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/4754141/shanraisshan"><img src="https://stackoverflow.com/users/flair/4754141.png?theme=clean" width="208" height="58" alt="shanraisshan (Stack Overflow)" title="shanraisshan (Stack Overflow)"></a>

<p>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/linkedin.png"/></a> 
<a href="https://github.com/shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/github.png"/></a>
<a href="https://www.reddit.com/user/shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/reddit.png"/></a>
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/4754141/shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/stack-overflow.png"/></a> 
<a href="https://medium.com/@shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/medium.png"/></a>
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/youtube.png"/></a> 
<a href="https://twitter.com/shanraisshan"><img src="images/icon/twitter.png"/></a>
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/shanraisshan">
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Hackerrank-2EC866?style=for-the-badge&logo=HackerRank&logoColor=white" alt="hackerrank" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.udemy.com/user/shayan-rais-2/">
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Udacity-grey?style=for-the-badge&logo=udacity&logoColor=15B8E6" alt="udacity" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.coursera.org/user/c5a8530ecbe523a8d18bc6b926a83fca">
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Coursera-%230056D2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Coursera&logoColor=white" alt="coursera" />
</a>
</p>

### ■ Recent Activity

### ■ REDDIT

- [How come Claude Code is ranked 19th on the Terminal-Bench leaderboard?](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1q4dnhr/how_come_claude_code_is_ranked_19th_on_the/) • /ClaudeAI • 👁️27K 🗣️19
- [Error in compacting for long running (2-3hrs) commands in 'bypass permissions on' mode](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1q178i7/error_in_compacting_for_long_running_23hrs/) • /ClaudeAI
- [Default permission mode: Delegate Mode? what is this?](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1ptsply/default_permission_mode_delegate_mode_what_is_this/) • /ClaudeAI • 👁️73K 🗣️45
- [export ENABLE_EXPERIMENTAL_MCP_CLI=1 saves 20% context of mcp](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1pqvpsy/export_enable_experimental_mcp_cli1_saves_20/) • /ClaudeAI
- [Tutorial: How to use Claude in Chrome in Claude Code](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1pqkby5/tutorial_how_to_use_claude_in_chrome_in_claude/) • /ClaudeAI
- [Claude in Chrome vs ChromeDevTools (MCP) - a simple comparison](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1pqg6rt/claude_in_chrome_vs_chromedevtools_mcp_a_simple/) • /ClaudeAI • 👁️35K 🗣️11
- [Claude Code's Plan Mode stores your plan in System Prompt, not Context Window](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1ppm4vt/comment/nunq4my/) • /ClaudeAI • 👁️35K 🗣️11
- [Spec Driven Development (SDD) vs Research Plan Implement (RPI) using claude](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1pkvque/comment/ntxxin1/) • /ClaudeAI • 👁️67k 🗣️35
- [You can now switch models mid-prompt!](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1pjsk1w/comment/ntlecys/) • /ClaudeAI
- [Claude Rules (./claude/rules/) are here](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1piuih6/comment/nti3x56/) • /ClaudeAI • 👁️146K 🗣️180
- [Background agents… wasn’t it already doing that?](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeCode/comments/1pi1gg1/comment/nt8ln70/) • /ClaudeCode • 👁️44K 🗣️28

### ■ Medium

- [Play sound on every Claude Code action! 🗣️🔊](https://medium.com/@shanraisshan/claude-code-just-got-a-voice-%EF%B8%8F-51008157305b)
- [Android stores to target in 2024](https://medium.com/@shanraisshan/android-stores-to-target-in-2024-b2045629fb29)
- [Differentiating Google v Huawei Code using productFlavors](https://medium.com/@shanraisshan/differentiating-google-v-huawei-code-using-productflavors-3014de6b468a)
- [Refactoring Android App — Package by feature](https://medium.com/@shanraisshan/refactoring-android-app-package-by-feature-af0308ddec35)


### ■ Github
- [Notes](https://github.com/shanraisshan/notes)
- [claude-code-voice-hooks](https://github.com/shanraisshan/claude-code-voice-hooks/) ★17
- [claude-code-best-practice](https://github.com/shanraisshan/claude-code-best-practice) ★83
- [claude-code-multi-agent-orchestrartion](https://github.com/shanraisshan/claude-code-multi-agent-orchestrartion) ★1
- [mcp-weather](https://github.com/shanraisshan/mcp-weather/)


### ■ Github Issues
- [Context usage is showing wrong numbers](https://github.com/robinebers/claude-code-statusline/issues/2)
- [Add hook for user input/question events (UserInputRequired)](https://github.com/anthropics/claude-code/issues/10168)
- [Tip 0: status line showing wrong context usage](https://github.com/ykdojo/claude-code-tips/issues/3)
